[NOP] Add Changelog entry for the seqan3::search_result. (#1863)
seqan/seqan3: CHANGELOG.md

#### Search

* Moved `seqan3::search` from `search/algorithm/` to `search/` ([\#1696](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/pull/1696)).

> * The `seqan3::search_result` returns the `seqan3::search_result` which unifies the search interface for single texts
>   and text collections

Reviewer: The search result returns the search result?
```suggestion
* The `seqan3::search_result_range` returns now a `seqan3::search_result` which unifies the interface for all search instanes, e.g. using an index over a single text or a text collection
```

>   ([\#1706](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/pull/1706));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ([\#1706](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/pull/1706)).
```
